When you approach a classification challenge,
you may ask yourself, "How can I tell these images apart?
What traits do these images have that differentiate them?
And how can I write code to represent their differences?"
Adding onto that, how can I ignore irrelevant or overly similar parts of these images?
You may have thought about a number of distinguishing features.
Day images are much brighter generally than night images.
Night images also have these really bright small spots,
so the brightness over the whole image varies a lot more than the day images.
There's also a lot more of a gray blue color palette in the day images.
There are lots of measurable traits that distinguish these two types of images,
and these measurable traits are referred to as features.
A feature is a measurable component of an image or object that's
ideally unique and recognizable under varying conditions,
like under a varying light or camera angles.
And we'll learn more about features soon,
but we're getting ahead of ourselves.
To extract features from any image,
we have to pre-process and standardize them.
Next, we'll take a look at the standardization steps we
should take before we can consistently extract features.